Blog post announcing the TOC election kick-off for 2021. (#3450)
knative/docs: blog/steering/[BLOG]-toc-2021-election-announcement.md

technical direction, health of the project and community as a
whole](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/TECH-OVERSIGHT-COMMITTEE.md#charter).
There are 2
seats up for election and each of those seats will be held for two year terms.

Right now, there are 2 things we need each Knative community member to do:

1) If you want to stand for election, we have [detailed instructions for the
nomination
process](https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC#candidacy-process).
2) If
you want to vote in the election, please read the [eligibility
criteria](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/mechanics/TOC.md#voter-eligibility). If you think you are eligible to vote, please make sure that your GitHub id appears
in the voters.yaml file, and if not, please use the [voter exception
process](https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC)
in our voting tool, Elekto.

Here are a few important deadlines to keep in mind:

- April 23: All candidate nominations and voting exceptions due
- April 27: Election Begins
- May 11: Election Closes
- May 13: Announcement of Results

> For this election, we will be trying a new voting tool called Elekto.

Reviewer: Is there a link to Elekto that we can link to in case people want to learn more?

Author: Good idea! I added a link to the Elekto GitHub repo, which seems to have the most up to date info.

Commissioned by the CNCF for the Kubernetes project, Elekto has the advantage of
not requiring any email for voting, just your Github login.  However, this will
be the first time a project other than Kubernetes is using Elekto, so please be
prepared for some hiccups.

For more details, please visit the [TOC election](
https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC) document in
our GitHub repository.

> Dawn Foster and Josh Berkus, TOC Election Officers

Reviewer: Maybe add the elections email group in case people want to reach out?

Author: Done, thanks!

> It’s time to kick off the Knative Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) elections

Reviewer 2: Wonder if we should make the TOC link here instead of L5 below?

Author: I'll actually do both with this link going to the main TOC page and the other link going specifically to the charter section.

again for 2021, and we are ready to accept nominations!

This election will shape the future of Knative as a community and project. While

> WGs help shape the individual direction of the project, the [TOC covers the

Reviewer 2: the link seems quite long, just curious if it would be easier on the eyes with:
the [TOC](...TECH-OVER...) covers the technical direction, health of the project...
so just have the TOC be the link portion.

Author: Good point. I'll fix that.

technical direction, health of the project and community as a
whole](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/TECH-OVERSIGHT-COMMITTEE.md#charter).

> There are 2

Reviewer 2: nit, but can we rejigger L8/L9 seems like an odd break here?

seats up for election and each of those seats will be held for two year terms.

Right now, there are 2 things we need each Knative community member to do:

1) If you want to stand for election, we have [detailed instructions for the
nomination
process](https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC#candidacy-process).
2) If
you want to vote in the election, please read the [eligibility

> criteria](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/mechanics/TOC.md#voter-eligibility). If you think you are eligible to vote, please make sure that your GitHub id appears
> in the voters.yaml file, and if not, please use the [voter exception
> process](https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC)
> in our voting tool, Elekto.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
criteria](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/mechanics/TOC.md#voter-eligibility). If you think you are eligible to vote, please check the Elekto application to see if you are eligible, and if not, [request a voter exception](https://test.elekto.io/app/elections/2021-TOC/exception).  See the [voter guide](https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC) for more information on how voting works.
```
